CEO at Dynamease

 

    Paris Area, France

    Information Technology and Services

 

Current            

 

    Dynamease,

    Anevia,

    Niji

 

Previous            

 

    IS2T,

    NIJI,

    Solace Systems

 

Education            

 

    Ecole Polytechnique Paris

 

500+connections

Edit Profile

 

        fr.linkedin.com/in/yvnicolas/

 

Contact Info

Background

Summary

 

Helping innovative technological companies reach market success and sales growth is my

motivation.

In my 20+ years experience, I have developed a unique blend of the competencies required to be a

successful leader in a highly demanding and competitive technological environment :

 

Sales

Multi million dollars contract negotiation with fortune 500 companies at CxO level.

Leading European Sales team delivering yearly sales of several tens of Millions euros.

Strategic Selling Strategy : Definition, execution and follow up through CRM sales tool.

 

Management

Multicultural and multilingual european team management.

Recruitement and Downsizing

Multi­comptetencies team management : Sales, Technical, Marketing

 

Finance

Fund raising through Venture Capital Firm

Board Participation and Management

Experience

CEO

Dynamease

December 2013 – Present (4 months)France

 

En s'appuyant sur l'analyse automatique des données présentes sur le web et les réseaux sociaux, le

service logiciel Dynamease permet d'améliorer l'efficacité des appels téléphoniques entrants :

Filtrage, priorisation en fonction du degré d’importance de leur émetteur, et limitation des appels

perdus. Dynamease offre ainsi à ses clients la possibilité de disposer d'un service de secrétariat

intelligent totalement automatique.

 

Anevia

Non executive Board member

Anevia

September 2005 – Present (8 years 7 months)

 

Specialised on IPTV, Anevia is a young innovative company bringing new solutions for IPTV,

Video On Demand, mobile video to the hospitality and to the carrier market.

 

Niji

Non executive Board member

Niji

September 2001 – Present (12 years 7 months)

 

Making convergence a reality! Bringing together telecommunications operators, service providers

and their customers, Niji is the leading consulting services and turnkey solution integration

company dedicated to the convergence of information and communication technologies.

 

(Open)1 recommendation

 

        Hugues Meili

        Hugues Meili

        Chairman & Ceo ­ Niji

 

        I know Yves for the time he was a young but already outstanding « corporate data networks »

line of products & services manager at France Télécom, and we have had since that time plenty

and exciting opportunities to share our respective...View

 

IS2T

Executive VP Sales

IS2T

January 2012 – April 2013 (1 year 4 months)

 

IS2T is the worldwide leader of virtual platform for the embedded world. Thanks to our

technology, our customers can benefit from reduced time to market and use the power of Java

programming and virtualization in the embedded world, whatever their microprocessor

architectures choice, including 8­bit, 16­bit and 32­bit+.

 

NIJI

NATES Managing Director

NIJI

January 2010 – September 2011 (1 year 9 months)

 

Software suite for unified provisioning & unified sefcare, NATES simplify the daily management

of your unified communications solution.

 

Solace Systems

Vice President Sales

Solace Systems

October 2005 – December 2009 (4 years 3 months)

 

Establish sales contacts and first deals for Solace systems, leader of XML routers for the carrier

market.

 

(Open)7 recommendations, including:

 

        Mat Hobbis

        Mat Hobbis

        Director of Systems Engineering ­ EMEA at Solace Systems

 

        Yves is highly focused and has great attention to detail. He brings with him an intelligence

and a broad experience that...View

        Dave Clare

        Dave Clare

        SVP EMEA, SolaceSystems

 

        Yves is highly focussed and experienced sales leader. He has great attention to detail and

manages his time and deadlines...View

 

    5 more recommendations

 

VP home gateways

Inventel

February 2004 – September 2005 (1 year 8 months)

 

Inventel helps carriers and service providers to differentiate on the high growing competitive

residential broadband market by providing innovative wireless technologies. We are providing

solutions today for value added DSL residential gateways, mass market voice over IP projects and

fix/cellular phone convergence projects.

Inventel is a world leader in wireless technologies to extend the fixed networks like Wifi,

Bluetooth and DECT.

 

(Open)3 recommendations, including:

 

        Jerome Gonzalez

        Jerome Gonzalez

        Cy­play

 

        Yves has been positively impacting Inventel organization and achievements thanks to his

pragmatism, his ability to find...View

        Raul Bravo

        Raul Bravo

        President CoFounder at BALYO

 

        I got to know Yves when I first applied to work at Inventel/Thomson. I was quickly

impressed: he's a brilliant and incisive...View

 

    1 more recommendation

 

Founder

Dynamease

March 2003 – February 2004 (1 year)

 

Mission focused on designing Business and sales strategies for early stage project. Main missions

include :

∙ French software engenneering company : Market study and offer design for IP VPN

provisionning software

∙ Sceptre project : France Telecom Spin Off Project on IP route management software. Manage

founders team for Business Plan production and VC prospection.

∙ Quadrillium : Legacy over IP equipment maker startup, design go to market strategy.

 

VP Sales EMEA

Cosine Communications

March 2000 – February 2003 (3 years)

 

(Open)3 recommendations, including:

 

        Thomas Kuehne

        Thomas Kuehne

        Head of IP Network Design at Kabel Deutschland Vertrieb & Service GmbH

 

        I met Yves when he was working at Cosine Communications. He was doing a great job of

familiarizing us with the product and...View

        Wolfgang Krause

        Wolfgang Krause

        Partner at Seventure

 

        At the time I worked with Yves ha was selling complex telecommunicaiton solutions into

telecom carriers. I have an...View

 

  1 more recommendation

 

Ascend

Director Carrier Accounts France

Ascend

1997 – 2000 (3 years)

 

3Com

Carriers Account Director

3Com

1995 – 1996 (1 year)

 

France Telecom

Marketing Manager

France Telecom

1992 – 1995 (3 years)
